welcome back to movietella
this time i'm gonna treat you to a 2011
horror comedy film called the cabin in
the woods
in an underground laboratory engineers
gary citterson and steve hadley discuss
plans for a mysterious ritual after a
similar operation in stockholm has just
ended in failure
american college students dana jules
kurt holden and marty are spending their
weekend at curt von's cousin's cabin in
the forest
from the lab citizen and hadley remotely
control the cabin and manipulate the
students by intoxicating them with
mind-altering drugs that have effects
such as hindering rational thinking and
increasing libido
the lab departments take bets on what
kind of monster will attack the students
and discuss the failures of
international operations
in the cabin cellar the group finds
bizarre objects including the diary of
patience buckner a cabin resident abused
by her sadistic family
dana recites incantations from the diary
and inadvertently summons the zombified
buckner family
hadley releases pheromones to induce
curt and jewels to have sex outside
they are attacked by the zombies and
jewels is decapitated while kurt escapes
marty discovers concealed surveillance
equipment in his room before being
dragged off by a zombie
the lab workers learned that the right
in japan has also failed meaning that
the american right is humanity's last
hope
kurt holden and dana attempt to escape
in their rv but citizen triggers a
tunnel collapse to block them
kurt attempts to jump a ravine on his
motorcycle to seek help on the other
side but crashes into a force field and
falls to his death
holden and dana realize that their
experience is staged and controlled
as they try to escape in the rv holden
is killed by a zombie and dana is
attacked once the rv crashes into the
lake
the lab employees seeing that dana is
the only survivor celebrate the success
of the right but are interrupted by a
phone call from the director revealing
that marty is still alive
marty saves dana and takes her to a
hidden elevator he discovered
they descend into the lab and discover a
large collection of different monsters
locked in cages
dana correlates them with the objects in
the cabin's cellar and realizes that the
objects determine which monsters are
released
cornered by security personnel the pair
trigger up purge button and release all
the monsters which wreak havoc and
slaughter the staff hadley is killed by
a merman while dana accidentally stabs
citizen to death
dana and marty flee and discover an
ancient temple where they are confronted
by the director
she explains that worldwide annual
rituals of human sacrifice are held to
appease the ancient ones a group of
cruel subterranean deities
each region has its own ritual and the
american ritual involves the sacrifice
of five slasher film archetypes the
[ __ ] jules the athlete kurt the scholar
holden the fool marty and the virgin
dana
the order of the killings is arbitrary
as long as the horde dies first and the
virgin dies last or survives
the director urges dana to kill marty to
complete the ritual and spare humanity
as all other rituals
had failed that year
dana is about to put as attacked by a
werewolf while patience kills the
director marty proceeds to kill all
except dana
deciding that humanity is not worth
saving at the price of human sacrifices
dana apologizes to marty for almost
killing him and the two share a joint
while awaiting their fate
the temple floor collapses and a giant
hand emerges from the grounds destroying
the facility and the cabin
if you enjoyed this video please like
and subscribe